Create Rules of Engagement with Triage.md (#893)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: Platform/Teams/Triage/Rules of Engagement with Triage.md

# Preface

> This document will help all team members working on VA.gov understand when it is appropriate to engage the Triage team for support and provide relevant information to assist in routing reported issues to other appropriate teams.  Because of the limited number of resources on Triage, they can not be a "catch-all" for every issue reported on the platform and every application.  Please read the following document carefully in order to determine the appropriate path for you incident.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document will help all team members working on VA.gov understand when it is appropriate to engage the Triage team for support and provide relevant information to assist in routing reported issues to other appropriate teams.  Because of the limited number of resources on Triage, they can not be a "catch-all" for every issue reported on the platform and every application.  Please read the following document carefully in order to determine the appropriate path for your incident.
```

## When it is OK to engage the Triage Team

* When the incident is believed to be **Severity 1** which can be defined as
  * A significant amount of users are impacted
  * Issue resolution is required in a 24 hour period

>   * Part of (or all of) va.gov is severely disrupted

Reviewer: I wonder if we can dredge up concrete examples here, for what is "severely disrupted," so we don't have to leave that up to interpretation.

Examples:
- VA.gov is inaccessabile
- Mass amounts of Users can not access their claims
- Platform errors causing extreme delays for users

Think Triage is the right place?  Please allow Product Managers Owner to initiate the contact (Maybe)

> ## When is it NOT ok to engage the Triage Team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When is it NOT OK to engage the Triage Team
```

nitpick

Severity 2/3 Bugs or Feature improvements
* Bugs reported from testing that are not Severity 1
* Bugs that currently have a team (see Products to Owner Map Here)
* Feature Improvements 

Examples:
- A bug that is not effecting mass users from accessing their benefits
- A request to update a page with content

## Difference between a Bug and an Incident
**Incident**: An unplanned interruption. When the operational status of any activity turns from working to failed and causes the system to behave in an unplanned manner it is an incident. A problem can cause more than one incidents which are to be resolved, preferably as soon as possible.

> **Bug**: A defect found by a tester or reported by a user that is not stopping a user from sucessfully achieving their goal but needs to be addressed in a timely manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Bug**: A defect found by a tester or reported by a user that does not hinder a user from successfully achieving their goal but needs to be addressed in a timely manner.
```
